README.md, before:

# drab.css

An extremely boring set of CSS.
If you have a page of basic, unstyled HTML, and want to do almost no work, just pop this in.

`<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://heiskr.com/drab.css/css/drab.min.css">`

Also, you can use the `page` class to restrict the main portion of the page to a readable line length.

See a plain HTML page [before](https://heiskr.com/drab.css/demo/before) and [after](https://heiskr.com/drab.css/demo/after).

## Goals

- Bare minimum number of changes on top of `normalize.css`.
- Almost no classes, just add boring style to basic HTML tags.

## Changes

1. Apply `border-box` sizing to all elements.
2. Apply system fonts.
3. Apply more common `line-height` and use an `8px` vertical rhythm.
4. Constrain elements to width.
5. Use consistent border sizes and styles.
6. Tighten left on list like elements.
7. Apply more common spacing on `table`s.
8. Add spacing to sectional elements.
9. Style buttons to look more like web buttons.
10. Change the look of caption text.
11. Make strikethroughs more obvious.
12. Soften the shape of big boxy elements.
13. Use more common, consistent, and attractive colors.
14. Finally, limit width on a high element so text is more readable. (The only class!)

Commit message:

Bringinging back some things learned
- A code in a pre was super small, fixed that
- Small tags broke rhythm, fixed that
- iframes no longer default to ugly borders
- Fixed table cell spacing
- Improving progress tag and using that instead of a custom component
- I cursored summary tags. I'm a terrible person.
- Make time look at least a _little_ different

README.md, after:

# drab.css

An extremely boring set of CSS.
If you have a page of basic, unstyled HTML, and want to do almost no work, just pop this in.

`<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://heiskr.com/drab.css/css/drab.min.css">`

Also, you can use the `page` class to restrict the main portion of the page to a readable line length.

See a plain HTML page [before](https://heiskr.com/drab.css/demo/before) and [after](https://heiskr.com/drab.css/demo/after).

## Goals

- Bare minimum number of changes on top of `normalize.css`.
- Almost no classes, just add boring style to basic HTML tags.

## Changes

1. Apply `border-box` sizing to all elements.
2. Apply system fonts.
3. Apply more common `line-height` and use an `8px` vertical rhythm.
4. Constrain elements to width.
5. Use consistent border sizes and styles.
6. Tighten left on list like elements.
7. Apply more common spacing on `table`s.
8. Add spacing to sectional elements.
9. Style buttons to look more like web buttons.
10. Tweak style of progress elements.
11. Change the look of caption text.
12. Make strikethroughs more obvious.
13. More clickable summary.
14. Soften the shape of big boxy elements.
15. Use more common, consistent, and attractive colors.
16. Finally, limit width on a high element so text is more readable. (The only class!)
